welcome to this week's ghoulia and in
web browsers will tickle its 16th of
October 2019
and we had an agenda let me share screen
because the first one on agenda is my
demo so we got the trick we got hack two
three to add items to agenda make a
quick demo so last week I mentioned we
started working on pre cached web UI
making it available in offline mode and
it's not be ready for magic it will soon
land in beta and three channels
and specifically we will be able to use
this in embedded check with embedded
Jessica fest in brave so if anyone is
interested in interested in details how
this work he details are here long story
short you are now able to maybe I'll say
that I am now loading build of IP first
companion with this patch so the society
has companion connected to my local node
however that's quite DFS that's not what
I want you can see here it's connected
to calculus what I want instead is to
use embedded one so I switched them but
that one it takes a moment to start for
the very first time but you can see it
automatically
found I found ports for Gateway and API
it discovered my local NGO ipfs and it
started importing web UI what's that
what it's really supposed to work yeah
it works that's cool so what's happening
right now is the first time and by the
J's API first started it got the it
checked if web UI is in local repo it
was not so it decided to add it to local
cache from an archive which was bundled
with IP us companion itself so that may
run for some time in the background
however the thing is now when I go to
web UI here it should open much faster
mainly because it's already in local
repo so you can see it is probably slow
because this laptop is very slow and I'm
running like screen recording and all
the stuff and also like full go idea
file so it's barely working however it's
super fast if you run it does not come
like a regular machine and all that like
the files and things are now on par with
going to your house so that's good for
brave because we run everything
both GPFS and by detected big gateway
and IP first companion in the same
basically in the same page background
web extension page so removing the need
for fetching entire web UI from the
swarm makes it much more performant on
the first run but what's really cool is
that it makes where do I available in
offline environments
so as long you've got ipfs companion
installed you can play you can add files
to your local nodes using web UI in this
interface even if it's offline even if
it's not connected to upstream internet
so that's a short update it will
probably it will ship soon to above
chromium and brave in like following
weeks and we will be working to towards
like making sure the web UI is also
available on Firefox but there are
technical details listed on the issue
any questions that's some nice work so
this helps with two things it helps
initial load and it allows web UI to
work offline
alik at any point okay
correct and also if you your local node
immediately starts providing web UI to
other peers on the network right because
you get that for free in ipfs yep pre
cached web UI yep that's that's it from
me I think the next one on the agenda is
IP first gay IP the object of data set I
believe it's yours in series
I probably I'm going to share my screen
even the boo just one second
currently I have to give some
permissions
okay I can I can share it because I
would need to to change permissions I
need to quit this but no problem so why
do notice that JYP is data set is quite
old and I don't mind updating it I'm
just trying to understand everything
that's happening with it
coo coo coo books ooh I don't know that
it probably could use direct recording I
like just to know what that means in
this context I'm trying to understand
that I've been searching a bit but
that's a good question so basically
sharding is a feature of
ipfs when you have a very big directory
yeah and when you're building Doug you
don't want to build a very huge like
level you want to like Charlotte and we
I believe Lee we got something called H
a empty charts and that type of sharding
is I believe we are basically cutting
this huge flat directory each thousand
items and making that a separate branch
and that branch is abstracted away on
some api's when you are traversing the
dog like high-level LPS which operate on
directories do not see this additional
layer of indirection it just traverses
directly and a main example and use of
char link right now is Wikipedia because
everything in Wikipedia entire thing is
under slash wiki directory so that
directories picture that I believe chard
Inc is implemented in Goa TFS and I and
also like in Jays idea first because we
are able to load Wikipedia using IP FS
in brave so the question is I'm not sure
if the data set is that big like the
data set for for Garrity and
think it is I don't know the CSVs and
basically the IP in total it can be it
can reach like 250 megabytes perhaps oh
it's bigger than then did the one we had
before which was only 60 something
megabytes oh yeah probably probably not
worth it and maybe maybe Coppock cements
sort of like a shard
sharding on more practical level so
making sure when we like represent this
data set on ipfs representing in a way
when i want to make a lego IP lookup for
a specific like IP range or something i
only request this small branch and none
of those like hops on the tree is too
big but i don't think it's a problem I
would just try to replicate like update
its using the old scheme and to worry
about charting if we like hit some
performance issues I'll try to because
the new the new T like zeolite is a
little bit different under structure
I'll try to Billy mentioned me me on an
issue if you got like specific questions
because I feel yeah it's possible that
we will need to basically you redo the
way we represent this data set an IDF s
we the problem is like we don't want to
like fetch too much when user is going
to to the Pierce screen and we want
while we do this we probably should like
include ipv6 angry yeah
all right so I'm thinkin that's cool
distinct matrix yeah I added that now
now that uh we're so brave is p0 for the
quarter for four browser land and we
have p2 for this testing matrix but the
more that we're listening to the core
implementations space the more important
this type of coverage I think is going
to become Co ipfs wants to cut a release
later this quarter and that's going to
be sounds like a challenge there's a lot
of work to do there so the more that we
can get out in front of where they're at
and understand if the changes that
they're making are either you know
breaking desktop or a companion or web
UI the more we'll be able to help them
by notifying them sooner about any
issues that we might find so I think
that really bumps up the importance of
this and we good we're I'm I'm at the
point give it at the end of the era I'm
sure to cut weeks like we have we have
now less than ten weeks before the end
of the quarter which is the end of the
year which means if the sooner that we
can get some of these basic tests up in
front of be able to have like latest
latest desktop or latest companion or
latest web UI running against latest go
ipfs even on a even if it was every few
days or something like that so we could
know when they're landing things as soon
as we can let them know things great the
better I've been sort of looking at
while working on on the separate thing I
was looking at how at the test external
command in ager it was audit recently
which is utilized by J's API FS to
basically run tests of external project
against new patched version of Giuseppe
FS and see if
those if the build of external project
breaks when you swap jsapi files
swap the release version they are using
with the latest one so that's something
I've been learning created this week for
like a Pickers companion but I believe
next week we probably could start doing
something in this column I mean it's
probably the first thing we would try is
to set it up with JSI givers
the thing is J's ipfs right now is not
supported by web UI so it's like tricky
tricky place the comment itself is like
J eccentric so I need to like understand
it and see if we should either extend
that and that's add support for like go
somehow or create something similar but
being like language agnostic so I think
we will probably get this off the ground
next week
I'll try to allocate some time being
Huck our concerns because like regarding
like J's ipfs support is it something we
I don't think it's like a priority it's
like nice to have right now right I
guess no no like realistically this
quarter if we are about to ship those
tests we'll probably ship those tests
before we ship support for JC TFS right
yes I think so
at least on desktop I'm not thinking
about an export so jessica says right
now there are other things to do yeah so
it's like usually I would like ignore
jsapi files however we really need those
tests for
brave so it's not like we I don't feel
we can cut corners here we probably need
to like deliver both this quarter
there's no way around this is there is
there an issue tracking chase ipfs
support and how do we know how far away
we are
oh it's like just to clarify the JSA PFS
support in ipfs desktop it's here yes
like it's not a problem
support it's really easy to add that
support you just need to bundle gsfs my
previous desktop and it should work but
we have to let either speak between ipfs
and jessica first explain them the
differences why they would choose one
over the other and that might be the
most difficult part I would recommend
doing that but maybe just have anyone
not enabled and not allowing that choice
yet like do the bundling but not provide
any UI or any explainers command line
parameter just to have like tests in
place like on the configuration file
there's already an option that says the
type is go we just need to change the
option and bundle Jessica fest it was
working like that before I just removed
it than me River yeah that's probably a
good plan just to add support but don't
expose it to user in any way so because
then ipfs desktop would be here and like
I say PFS in brave would be here so like
that Firefox remains but if you have
this working we probably have this as
well yep so I actually probably have
either a call or I open a PR with
something along those ways I need to
like to see how to accommodate both go
in Jess
I agree like that would be probably my
at least mine my next priority and to
figure it out because we really need
those tests
otherwise we will be like stopping
everything and trying to fix regressions
and yeah what I really want to avoid too
is is late is letting go I PFS know
later about problems that the bugs that
they might have shipped as well episode
we are are the fact that that web UI
exercises and desktop and companion
exercise all these AP is allows us to be
an early warning system for problems
that they might not have caught in their
tests history is shown that we do
discover those issues okay and like
those like early adopters tests
intercept EFS work I smoke tested them
this week Alex paid me a visit and asked
why did you break things so it's very
good someone is looking at those the
system works system works we just need
to like add more to it
cool I guess that the status we will try
to like kick it off within or like one
way like the next week at least at least
to do any initial research what's needed
to support both are we able to use edger
or we need to create something custom go
Wikipedia oh yeah I had this there's a
the Wikipedia anniversary is coming up
there big one is coming up in January I
think so kind of like talking about
ideas and the fact that we've been
talking a little bit about Wikipedia
stuff recently so how kind of sets us up
to do some fun things
hack projects at lab week you know
Wikipedia Fridays or something that
Lytle and I were just talking about our
and and maybe even you know in terms of
like kind of like broader support
ongoing monthly short call of all the
related
so people not even I confess related
necessarily but that are interested in
doing this work like the opensim folks
and the people doing the snapshots but
would love your ideas about fun things
that we could do any any things that we
could use Wikipedia as a forcing
function to fix stuff that we know we
wanted to fix for a long time anything
to support that use case got kind of the
conversations we have about co-hosting
also kind of support this idea of like
really low barrier to entry for regular
users to be able to use things like
companion to better support Wikipedia by
by their own browsing observing yeah I
honestly believe that we sort of
approaching the point when we I don't
need that like the idea of Wikipedia
Fridays or something like recurring call
it could be like initially like internal
to people across projects that's
passionate about this but it could at
some point like invite people
responsible for making those same
snapshots and other things cuz there is
a like there are discussions internal to
ideas how to handle some things for
example co-hosting spec which is like
NFS based you like regular ipfs node is
all you need and there's also like more
professional solution when you have like
collaborative ipfs cluster where people
that contribute their own cluster nodes
but that like there's like a higher
threshold of when you can contribute so
all those discussions need to happen
some somewhere and ideally we would I
think like we will start thinking in
Wikipedia Friday's I'll try to allocate
some time each Friday and first step
will be to think how often do we want to
meet who want who do we want to invite
like make clean up the house like those
scripts need to be like
honestly refreshed polished already
leches plainly written but I'm really
confident that's the more we talk about
this and people see there's like actual
movement we are able to deliver like
actual value because not only make sure
like the current version of distributed
Wikipedia is kept up to date but we can
demonstrate things like the strengths of
ipfs just like I said like from DNS link
IP NS sharding hunting huge datasets
unpacked Wikipedia is 650 gigabytes in
size so that also is a great playground
for experimenting with UX I wanted to
contribute but I don't have six hundred
gigabytes of space or how do you like
present UX to user I had that discussion
with Michel last week how do I like even
present to a user who wants to
contribute to Wikipedia you don't want
to lecture pin Wikipedia because that's
impossible you don't have that much
space and things like that so it's like
entire like Wikipedia topic is great
like battleground for across across ipfs
ecosystem and I feel it's a very good
story to tell and to and make people
excited to work on Wikipedia Fridays do
we so you some of this work has already
been is already in the distributed
Wikipedia repo but is there any one
place that is there is that place where
we should be keeping these topics like
if we have ideas if if we have needs
honestly yeah if there's one overarching
strategy issue that we should be using
to list all the things that we think we
want to do might be related where's that
place I feel like for discoverability
and just working in open we probably
should just create issues in the
to be at Wikipedia project I like some
time ago I made a first pass and closed
and commented on super old issues but we
probably need to do another pass and
marriage close remaining issues however
like that's that's the repo I feel
people are like watching it and we
probably should not introduce anything
new yeah we could also like things if we
decide to make a community meeting we
would just like drop issue there with
like all the links just to like reduce
the momentum of the freepo it was sort
of like covered with spider webs but
it's it's getting better that sounds
great
cool co-hosting I threw it in there wait
you know we want to talk about it I have
an idea
yeah question about hosting Wikipedia
related things
mm what is done lazily co-host Wikipedia
and then did they have the idea of
letting some pages because it's
occupying too much space right now you
only had the idea of removing snapshots
but not pinches I don't know it was just
an idea just a question I had
it's quite simple we just need to go to
the snapshot and do we have to page
probably but I don't know like on the
technical sides it's fine like you go
inside the snapshot you could remove any
like subdirectory or specific page it
would no longer be like a real snapshot
but the next one yeah okay yeah I mean
then when when the next one is created
that one would be correct again yeah so
it's self self healing especially in a
lazy mode some kinda related thing is a
topic of removal of things from an F s
so I believe we have an issue
discussing QX of the odd somewhere but a
background on the problem is that MF s
is like high level abstraction tourism
and organized ipfs resources if you
remove something from MF s it's still
cached in your local repo until those
blocks are either manually removed or
gay
collected so when you remove something
from manifest it's no longer implicitly
pinned but it's still in the cache and
there was like a question should we
either remove when someone removes
something from em FS should we just
always remove though explicitly remove
those blocks or should we give use a
user an option to like remove this and
purge from local cache or something like
this and it's like a UX question would
the users even care or would users know
what that means the the main problem is
people add like huge video to amethyst
it takes like one gigabyte of space and
then they remove it from em FS and the
repo size is still one gigabyte so
that's that's that that's the UX problem
it's a little the rip I profess to
remove the blocks if they're not pinned
or something like that
yeah garbage collect we are removing
every ring everything that it's not pin
and maybe the question should we like
remove it explicitly or give user an
option which is disabled by default
right now the current situation is that
nothing is removed it's in the cache and
it will get removed when garbage
collection kicks in but that may happen
like next week or next month depending
of the repo size ratios yep
around like you generally co-hosting I
believe there are some challenges on the
US side and on the UX side of lazy
co-hosting so basically I PFS companion
would be an entry point for
co-host in Wikipedia in a lazy way and
[Music]
that's an issue we probably will link it
in the notes later but in the dish P
issue we discussed lazy co-hosting
versus for co-hosting and the challenge
is how to communicate to user the
difference which one just specifically
in IP first companion because that would
be the entry point when you click when
you are on a distributed Wikipedia and
you want to co-host this should we just
like co-host lazily and that's it or
should there be an option to make a full
snapshot or it like if so how to account
for a situation when user has a repo
limit 10 gigabytes and they want to
co-host six hundred gigabytes we've been
like discussing things like checking
those limits and either enabling full
co-hosting only if you have the space so
it's mostly UX challenge I believe
because on the technical side we will
basically use existing MF s api's and we
would just run it periodically to check
snapshots do you see like any other like
open questions around the classic of
hosting yeah I need to like grab Eric I
think and Erica yeah Michel and figured
out the you excite of this but I don't
think it's like blocking us from
updating ipfs co-host as a library I
think that that's more or less unlocked
[Music]
the P R with respect changes I haven't
changed the whole thing Sh script yet
did we did we merge the spec updates no
I was waiting to update the script now I
think like we should like marriage spec
okay we'll do an yeah
let's merge spec and just continue with
the implementation because the UX
challenges are sort of like on on
companion site and I will probably be
DRI for that to figure it out I need to
change the UX or around pinning in the
campaign companion in general there is
maybe let me quickly show what what one
recommendation that that I'd like to
throw out there for for the UX
standpoint is to actually separate these
use cases from companion altogether we
talked in Lisbon way back about what it
looks like to maybe ship things that
users understand who aren't familiar
with ipfs so if you have a router
extension that maybe was like companion
in the plumbing in the guts but was
called Wikipedia helper when you install
it then you get a lot of these UX
questions that can be centered around
what the users actually want to do which
is I'm on Wikipedia I want to I want to
share this page with other people and
you don't have to learn about ipfs at
all necessarily but it's using IP FS and
maybe there's some branding that might
be fast though that no I am serving this
I'm doing this on the public network but
it from a UX standpoint a lot of these
kind of problems of how do we fit it
into a world that is ipfs centric goes
away and as a designer you have the
ability to say this user wants to share
this user wants to save this user wants
to read this user wants to publish again
these primary use cases and it really
clarifies what we're able to do from a
from a design standpoint
maybe even has has has an admin
interface that just opens up web UI Oh
for people that wanted dig deeper right
but I would encourage I would encourage
us to when we're thinking about this
think about it from the from the point
of view of the user who is I'm just a
person who likes Wikipedia and I want to
help yeah or I need to use Wikipedia and
I cannot in my country yeah and not
think about it from a like like let's
just pretend all existing UI Justin does
not exist when when trying to come at
this from a design standpoint like I
said have you cases that I read up in
the spec bug all the design should flow
from those sets of use cases not from
the companion me up today it's highly
highly related to the work made by
Michelle she's sort of like doing State
of the Union of teaming in general like
pinning not in a technical sense of
pinning API we have right now but like
making sure the stuff you care about
stays around or like contributing your
resources to keeping that stuff around
and it's like she's gathering nodes and
other stuff and this scenario when
someone wants to contribute contribute
bandwidth and storage for to Wikipedia
is one of those maybe like not entry
point I profess compile its entry point
for that use case right now
however like that user story is a
separate thing which we we discussed
internally and I agree that it should be
like discussed detached from existing
interfaces cause like right now
companion is just a vessel for shipping
those integrations at some point
web browsers would figure out their own
way companion is just like a template to
how this could work just let me drop the
link to that just in the news oh yeah
yeah we'll add it shortly there's also
like a project around language for
refresh I sort of started
grouping issues related to that so
that's
language refresh like specific type it
has compiled but I believe like
redirects those are like specific to
compile but things like pinning and the
way we provide entry points to web UI
those are more generic IP first desktop
is much better at providing entry points
to web UI right now you get a direct
link to a specific screen like files or
peers in companion got just like one
link but those are you mostly UX
discussions and we have this I'm not
sure if it was mentioned before but
there's there are those tags start to
good design which are automatically
added to a lot of repose in ipfs and
ipfs shipyard so if you have like a
question you ask question if you add
like design UX tag it will automatically
get added to boards of our design shop
so Eric and others will see it and
probably be able to contribute without
being like directly mentioned so that's
pretty pretty useful yeah and like the
idea around pinning the discussion
around being is ongoing
I wonder if there's any there's several
high profile websites such as Pinterest
that if then probably UX are around
pinning as both language and UX some
interaction design I wonder if there's
any public research that leveraged I
looked in that Firefox UX because they
talked about yeah I did there's a couple
of different things like pinning stuff
on your activity stream and bookmarks
and things like that
had some pin features before but I
couldn't find anything else that was
public I know they sort of sites it's
all behind login
I dropped I dropped link to Michelle's
notes and I believe there are more notes
I need to find it
like generalized user story around on
the face but I'll drop it after this
call because I'm really bad at
multitasking
all right desktop CPU and GPU usage yeah
I'll just add to that someone opened an
issue about that and I notice tend to
already a new issue and you really won
about this but it's good really I mean
can someone share the screen so because
I can't right now I would need to
restore us to zoom I can try just take a
look at that Activity Monitor screenshot
it seems the run process is taking too
much CPU and GPU CPU even though I post
it's not close it's hidden I had the
idea we right now we every window the
window exists but it's hidden so it is
really quick when we just when we click
on files or peers because it just opens
the other option would be to create the
window when the user clicks on on the
option on the menu bar so we're gonna
have a rendering process on the
background consuming CPU usage although
however that we that we make that time
when we the times I'm really confused is
my English for now it it would make it
seems clover Bonnie open the web UI
afterwards if it wasn't hidden in the
background I sort of wonder cause like
in regular Chrome
when you have like background tabs they
like some time ago they start it's like
heavily throttling and basically they
had a concept of like freezing tabs yeah
like a background tab so basically if
the tab is not the active one all the
like JavaScript all like timeout set
timeouts and intervals and next-next
sticks and all this stuff basically
stops like yeah event loop stops on
until you unfroze the table I wonder if
there's like a similar concept in
electron or maybe like an API which lets
you like explicitly froze and Aunt Rose
I try to find out I couldn't I have a
new book by the way that only
recommended me to my see if it's quite
new it looks like a good book it just
arrived today so related to our
interests yeah let's see if it helps I
hope it does but I initially thought you
meant like ipfs companion the CPU GPU is
high so I feel totally relieved that
it's not another but I think the main
problem is actually I
PFS that is taking most most of the CPU
to hear you can distinguish what is
actually from electronic bodies and you
like you just have a HTTP client you
don't have embedded JSI PFS yet yes we
don't yeah so it's just the client so
that that's it easier to reason about
the this person even said that not
because when we stopped then the GPU and
CPU that is really well attitude and
it's asking if there's any particular
reason at the app consume so much GPU
and CPU and the demand is running since
the app window is not open and I don't
know what to say
as yes consumes energy it's not it's not
my
it's interesting I will check and try to
reproduce this on the next because it's
too may be interesting if it's the same
situation across platforms or is it
specific to Mac because there could be
something there could be something
specific to mark who knows right now
like just to make sure I understand
correctly right now we sort of like keep
the page in the background running we
just hide it we don't like recreate and
I think each time we open window right
yeah that's yeah that's it but I think
that since we are using redux under
something like that it detects when the
pages I don't need this supposed to
suspend the activities and remain rear
Enders well it's I know so cause like we
are talking just to be clear we are
talking about web UI running on electron
yeah
whether you ironic on electron and the
problem with wet with UI is that it
constantly even if it's like if it
constantly runs at least request for
bandwidth starts yeah if you I would
like to see if there's a way to check if
well if I know if clean window is hidden
if it is requesting anything to the
daemon because if you for example is
someone opens appears page and then I
don't know when it keeps asking
frontiers it really situation and sort
of like the problem is that like the way
web UI is architecture is it's a web app
that like queries our stats API in the
background so on the landing page you
got this graph of like network
utilization over time the problem with
like freezing this
process is that we no longer gather data
to render this graph and we would have
sort of like okay like cache it the IP
ipfs desktop layer and then when you
resume where do I sort of like populated
for the missing history so that's like a
deeper technical problem I believe but
I'm not surprised there's like there
like the GPO thing it's probably like
rendering like this graph I don't think
we are like rendering anything else it
could be useful on the pure speed
rearranging the map and a table that's
true but like by default the page that
hidden has this status page right only
if that was it's the last page the user
visited yeah so maybe a fix to like
solve the GPU thingy is where when the
page goes to the background to switch to
like an empty page which which has no
widgets no nothing we go to above blank
yeah and when you go open web UI again
you switch to the previous one just to
make sure the canvas does not get you
know house if that improves the usage if
it doesn't then it's not that's not the
problem
yeah it should fix cuz I so the similar
like utilization problem brave there are
like other problems around this like
bandwidth graph but if we are able to
switch just just like a blank page with
nothing because I don't think that the
HTTP request is responsible for this
it's mostly calvess and then like join
redrawing Kleiber II also I found some
issues on the peers page
I know it's using too much CPU return
because we are remain during the math
[Music]
there's a change in the peers list yeah
I have to take a look at that
I started it already Pierce page is bit
better than it was before yeah it's
better yeah yeah but like you can
eyeball it on the brave it's much better
now because for you could see its base
it was basically a choke point all those
like till you get delegated to requests
for gay I P things it was like a huge
cascade of requests when you want to
talk and Pierce Patchett better now I I
think like you should try with this
empty page and if it does not help maybe
pink me again we'll brainstorm something
okay I'll try them out see if it works
and monitor yeah I have like a similar
problem with IP first companion we are
running a lot of unnecessary updates
I've been sort of slowly addressing kids
we no longer like we withdraw browser
action icon if it's the state does not
change and all those tiny things like a
bigger rewrite ahead just like people
don't really need to see the peer count
in real time I don't think they just
need to see like if Isis online or not
so it's a discussion of TRADOC be
providing a lot of like view into the
state and like the cost of updating the
state constantly and how much do we want
to show out of the box very first
battery first yeah every every time
I did a I did ask in the live extensions
channel and from a gecko standpoint
there's not really a good way to profile
per extension the same way that we
profile the quarter browser engine but
you can use the extension debugger to be
able to do like basic profiling the same
way that you do for for whatever it is
so yes some view into into CPU usage
there but not the kind of very low-level
a few into what's happening mostly in
companion like most of stuff runs in in
a single like background page so your
base you see the most of things anyway
alright let me see I believe we are at
the end of agenda any updates team
updates
hockey is busier than expected with uni
and you also got a book to read I'm
reading two books this one is new but
I'm reading the permanent record
is almost there how is it worth reading
yeah I think so at least for me do you
have a good sleep that lecture lecture
is a book or yeah I do you know it's not
really dreams actually this dream
without that good somehow there was a
storm here it was really you know Hugo
was telling me that Lisbon does have
because we've been having a lot of
earthquakes in San Francisco and he said
that that Lisbon does have earthquakes
from now and then but Porto has no
earthquakes ever yes and we are waiting
for a really big earthquake like the one
in 1755 do you know about that one no
we're
almost always been god district
destroyed because there was it was
religious holiday and there were a lot
of candles that was not one of the main
reasons of the problems that happened
after the earthquake there was an
earthquake and a tsunami and then a lot
of fires because of the candles and a
lot of ways been burned out and like the
by Shah was all built from well yeah if
the parallel streets we have invited it
was it was all built after that
earthquake everything that was there was
just that he go mentioned that he said
the layout of the city is the result of
the earthquake repair yeah it fell no
candles no candles yeah look and the
problem was the candles awesome I've
been reading a little history in the San
Francisco earthquake and it was kind of
the same like most people died from the
fire not very cheerful stuff all right
guys I believe we are at the end of this
meeting let's get back for three minutes
of our time see you same time next week
goodbye